DOCS-2303: Add GetMachineStatus (#3345)
viamrobotics/docs: static/include/app/apis/generated/app.md

{{% /tab %}}
{{< /tabs >}}

### GetFragmentHistory

Get fragment history.
{{< tabs >}}
{{% tab name="Python" %}}

**Parameters:**

- `id` ([str](https://docs.python.org/3/library/stdtypes.html#text-sequence-type-str)) (required): ID of the fragment to fetch history for.
- `page_token` ([str](https://docs.python.org/3/library/stdtypes.html#text-sequence-type-str)) (optional): the page token for the fragment history collection.
- `page_limit` ([int](https://docs.python.org/3/library/stdtypes.html#numeric-types-int-float-complex)) (optional): the number of fragment history documents to return in the result. The default page limit is 10.

**Returns:**

> - ([List[FragmentHistoryEntry]](https://python.viam.dev/autoapi/viam/app/app_client/index.html#viam.app.app_client.FragmentHistoryEntry)): The fragment history document(s).

Author: ```suggestion
- ([List[FragmentHistoryEntry]](https://python.viam.dev/autoapi/viam/app/app_client/index.html#viam.app.app_client.FragmentHistoryEntry)): A list of documents with the fragment history.
```
